replicants are like any other machine
they're either a benefit or a hazard if
they're a benefit it's not my problem
[Music]
now that your job once I was good at
things were simpler then
[Music]
the nickel is for the colonial ships
closest any of them Oh any of us is
going to get to that grand life
offworld come on now so do you have in
mind
cuz I got all kinds I'm not buying
no no no this is just my game and I play
it fair no I mean bigger than you bigger
than you were trying to shut me down
bigger than you and they would take with
men and bad it's quarter to three
there's no one in the place you and me
[Music]
make it 1-1 head you got once I was good
at it I know what do you want I want to
ask you some questions a story the
themes the stunning original
environments it was a pleasure getting
back to the world of Blade Runner again
where are we going
[Music]
when I dress the original Blade Runner
35 years ago and could never have
imagined how iconic would still be I
have massive respect for of the world
Ridley Scott created
did runner revolutionize the we review
of science fiction when I heard that
Ridley was continuing the narrative I
was already invested I already wanted to
know what happened next
I think it's kind of fun to play a
character thirty years later used to
trying on old clothes happily they still
fit from the cinematography to the
script to working with Denis and Ridley
Roger Harrison and Ryan I just feel
really lucky just to be on the team
[Music]
I never felt that much pressure of my
shoulders thinking that Ridley Scott
will see this movie I've never worked on
a film with so many sets and different
lighting patterns technically it's quite
shaky
they created this incredible world where
there was a living breathing universe
designing this looks like walking on a
knife's edge riding the line between the
original film and what we're doing now
it's not just a replica of the first
film we're marrying the familiar with
slightly divergent in order to give
ourselves an identity we're trying to
keep the visual effects very reality
based and grounded people should look at
it there while it's a beautiful shot how
did they get it
I always told you they're special
your story isn't over yet
the first movie the source meant to be a
standalone film but there's always more
to tell that two hours were allowed we
are making something special
[Music]
it feels like a very grounded realistic
extension of the original
it's good to be home again who'd you
bring no one
you know you're here
this is impossible
[Music]
I have massive respect for the world
release got created
[Music]
Blade Runner revolutionized the way we
feel science fiction
we are making something special
[Music]
when I directed the original Blade
Runner 35 years ago I could never have
imagined how iconic it would still be
the first movie is also meant to be a
standalone film but there's always more
to tell them that two hours will allow
it's good to be home again
[Music]
when I heard that Ridley was continuing
the narrative I was already invested I
already wanted to know what happened
next they created this incredible world
was a living breathing universe it feels
like a very grounded realistic extension
of the original
[Music]
the story
the themes the stunning visual
environments
it was a pleasure getting back to the
world or Blade Runner yeah I think it's
kind of fun to play a character 30 years
later I'm used to trying on old clothes
happily they still fit
[Music]
I think the late runner 20:49 is a
testament to the original story and the
characters that were created from the
cinematography to the script to working
with Denis and Ridley I just feel really
lucky just to be on the team
[Music]
I think it's challenging to talk about
this film without saying anything about
it I've never worked on anything that so
and rightfully so
shrouded in secrecy
the Sun hasn't fooled the scripts and he
said this is the best script of it
arrest what was always wanting was a
story that flowed naturally out of the
first what do you love it I thought you
might be able to help me
[Music]
the first Bladerunner sent a shock wave
in the world at the beginning we agreed
we were doing was deeply exciting that
it was a privilege there are films that
come along and strike a chord they have
become part of the way you see the world
and this movie the lighting the camera
it's like a character in itself
this Blade Runner is a new genius at
work
[Music]
it's the same kind of color palette but
so made by another painter
the film is incredible it's haunting
the key to the future
is finally on earth
it's I missed you baby sweet what's the
day you're planning on taking me out
I would like to prefer that to the
alternative there was a day
replicants part of the future of
humanity but I can only make so many
I play a character named Kay who's the
Blade Runner
thirty years after where the first film
left off the profession of the Blade
Runner is a little different and more
complicated he's got every gun to say
I've got you it's a day like any other
day and he unintentionally uncovers a
mystery that makes him and the audience
question everything that they thought
that they knew what you saw didn't
happen yes man it is our job to keep
order you want to go on erase everything
[Music]
in Blade Runner it groshi'
evolved into a condition of him finding
himself we're all just looking out for
something real
from that desperation comes a desire
that is so strong that you will blind
him that was quite a beautiful part for
this character tell me what you remember
everything you know you're here
bring it I'm coming with you what's the
plan
[Music]
every civilization
was built off the back of a disposable
workforce but I can only make so many
happy birthday there is an order to
things
that's what we do here keep order
[Music]
the world is built on a wall that
separates kind
tell either side there's no wall
you bought a war
[Music]
you're a cop
how did your job once
I know what do you want I want to ask
you some questions
the key to the future
is finally honest
bring it
they know you're here
[Music]
I always told you you're special your
story isn't over yet there is still a
page left
you
I thought you might be able to help me
with a case any idea where I can find
your police pointed to Mia I would much
prefer that to the alternative every
leap of civilization
was built off the back of slaves
replicants are the future but I can only
make so many I had the luck and he has
the key
I think they've found it
that's not possible
if this gets out
we've bought ourselves a war
you're a cop how did your job once
things were simpler then what are you
like I want to ask you some questions
what happened
and I covered my tracks and scramble the
records we were being hunted
[Music]
whoo-hoo I know you're here
you do not know what pain is yet
learn
[Music]
bring it jelly
this breaks the world
we have to go I'm coming with you
the future of the species is finally on
earth
[Music]